hey what's up YouTube I got a new worker
at video for you guys today and the
topic of this video is going to be how
to transfer gold between servers and a
lot of you probably know that if you've
ever transferred a character from one
server to another the maximum amount of
gold you can carry is 50000 gold that
used to be a lot years ago but nowadays
especially with the new expansion out
gold is just so easy to get that most
people have over 50,000 gold and I think
they do this so that you will transfer
multiple characters and that's more
money for them but there is a much
easier way to transfer gold between
servers and factions and you don't have
to pay a dime to do it and you use
battle pets and for anyone who's not
gotten into battle pets what you can do
once you have a battle pet is most of
the ones that you get off the auction
house actually all the ones off you get
off the auction house like this crow
mineus right here once you buy it and
learn it it goes into your journal and
every character across every server can
use it so let's say on this character
here I got a crow mineus and I'm gonna
learn now I'm gonna go over here and as
you can see when you right-click on it
there's an option to put it into the
cage so I'm going to log off and then
I'm going to switch realms over here and
then I'm going to go to an alliance
realm
and this is a something like I said you
can do on any realm it works and once
you get over here you pull your pets
back up and go to your crow mineus you
can put it back in the cage and now you
can resell it on the new realm you
you're on you may lose some money you
may gain some money but it's the
cheapest and fastest way that you're
going to transfer large amounts of gold
now you can do this with any level of
battle pets
I do recommend at least having one
battle pet up to twenty-five because
that will allow you to purchase level 25
battle pets and learn them which
typically carry more monetary value than
a level one there are a lot of high-end
level ones that you can can buy that
cost a lot but you just want to make
sure that when you're switching between
servers you're actually looking at your
target server before you buy something
on the server you're on that way you
know you're not losing a ton of money
because some things do sell for more and
sell for less now what that means said
this is also a good way to make gold if
you want to even go that route if you're
on a very high pop server you can get
pets typically cheaper and you can learn
them and try selling them on another
server that you know the pets go for
more on and then if you get lucky you
may see a high-end pet on there the
high-end pets typically go for about the
same on all servers I've noticed and buy
high-end I'm talking about the super
rare the ones from the trading card game
and so on and so forth the stuff that's
just not readily available to everyone
so you can use this in multiple ways the
best way I have found to do it though
it's just a chance for gold between
servers if you're doing a server
transfer or if you play characters on
multiple server
for anyone who starts a new character on
a server this is also great because that
allows you to immediately at level one
or two when you start your new character
to go in take one of your pets out of
your pet journal sell it and get
yourself some gold to start with for
that new level and experience so if you
have any questions please post them in
the comment sections below I do hope the
video helps you guys and have a good day